Yeah.
Let's call this on.
Let me copy.
I'm.
Okay.
You can also do.
No.
And.
Religion this.
So first of all, the numbers are huge.
But in the year 2000, then what we can do is initially we're getting hammered.
Let me quickly again, Mindy.
Big them as global very.
Well and the next ones are in B eight.
So let's it mutates in a comma B we have to take them as a string because they're very huge.
In.
Now there's one thing that we need to take care of.
Let's say if I write a function called Sol, which gives that number of integers which are less than
some particular I say, then the answer will be all B minus all E less smart because we are subtracting
something and then we'll again take moderate.
We need to handle the smallest thing.
Okay, let me quickly write this as well.
Martin's funny nine plus seven release, I hope that's exactly right.
Now we just add more and take more.
This is simple, but here what we have to do is we have to do minus one, e minus one.
But as you all know, is a string.
What is it?
We have to go near this thing because it cannot be stored in an integer.
And how will we do this?
A minus one thing.
Well, what we can do is we can simply subtract a we can simply subtract one from a.
How we can simply subtract one from it.
It's very, very easy.
We open this school.
It's our string.
And it is 10999.
Nine.
Zero.
If I want to subtract one from this string, what I'll do is I started reading backwards if I could
find any non zero digit rate, if there's any non if the if there is zero digit, let's say I'm moving
backwards.
I'll convert all these zeros tonight.
First of all, I or all the continuous zeros that I get from Bec and whenever I find the first non-zero
digit for everybody.
Lewis I'll simply upregulates 86 I simply subtracted back.
But basically and this what will happen this zero will be converted to nine and this nine will be converted
to.
It.
I hope this is clear.
Right.
And, uh.
Anything else that I might miss here.
No, wait.
So I hope this is very clear that how to subject one relative to if there are no dealing zeros exited
1999.
Then what we can do or let's it is it doesn't matter.
We started moving backwards.
So first thing is we are converting all zeros tonight, but there are no zeros.
So if there are no zeros, we'll stop here and just reduce it by one and make it seven in the later.
Let's just call it it.
Not even one lines of code.
What I'll do is let's take and do today and let's make it equal.
To do it by is minus one, because we have just started hitting backwards.
What I'll do is while I is greater than equal to zero and E is equal to.
Equal to.
Zero eight.
But what we're doing is we are moving backwards.
And if it is, it goes to zero.
Just make equals to nine.
I hope this is clear data for all zeros.
It will become night and I lower a minus, meaning it is moving backwards.
Wherever this loop breaks it means I found a non zero number eight we were found a non and above.
What I do is I'll simply say that okay now for this i.e. make it equal to A-minus.
It's a character characteristic I will use.
It will subtract by one and automatically give me the correct character that I need.
It has nothing to do with me.
Every day they deal with heaven because this is a sky correctness.
Objection.
I hope it is clear.
They?
So let's bring day one so that it becomes clear to everyone.
And after.
Okay.
So.
It's just been.
But what I'm doing is great.
Okay.
So why is greater than equal to zero and equals two equals to zero.
Eight.
What I'm doing is I'm asking a question name who is then for me.
This large zero becomes nine and this one becomes 002, zero becomes nine.
The loop breaks and then this first one becomes zero.
Well.
So it becomes nine instead of ten subjected when basically.
I hope this is clear.
No literary dysfunction called solve.
No, no.
We can easily see it instead of minus one.
We can see all B minus all of it because not eight equals three minus.
Well, I also got one more problem, because there's something special about that problem.
And it is called A Lady's From.
You can also see it in the.
Assignment section.
And then you.
You all can solve all the other problems yourself.
After that, you won't be needing much help.
So this it's resolved quickly and we know we need a strong and we always knew testing and.
In all.
So in this we have a string, let's call it underscore two I and will become underscoring very simple.
And it will return whatever it be.
It has it be index.
So index is zero.
Last is.
I true initially.
And the third thing that we were going to pass was that we discussed rate the smart listing.
So initially it will be zero.
Let's write this function also.
Because now we are trying to make the numbers into eggs.
Pool.
Two, three.
One last.
And finally it will be.
I've already taken more to here.
So let me.
Let me take some part.
Are legitimate.
Legitimate?
Well, because I'm adding deserts and digging mud continuously.
Right.
So let's find out, Bill.
And we know how to find this out.
If lost, then it becomes an offer index minus.
Zero.
Otherwise it is right.
We know this very simple.
Next we want answer.
Let.
The answer is initially equal to zero.
And now we have two cases, the first cases.
If we are on the one position and the second is if we are on the on position eight.
If we are on the event, bush in this index should be equal to it because.
It's a zero based index, a distinct zero based index.
So absolute zero represents the first index, platinum.
So of course you won't get confused, but you have reached, you know, you understood the zero base
indexing a very simple if index is.
And that means we are on even position of the number.
Otherwise we are on the.
Odd position.
Well.
So if index is already are on the even position and what we what we have to do we just have to.
Have be in my digits eight.
So what else am I doing?
Assembly's answer plus equals to DP because I'm having only D as my digit.
So last two.
We all know last.
Let's to.
It'll come.
And this will be.
Digital mode made the digital mode play digital mart into ten plus eight and Wal Mart by eight because
we are giving discount.
One thing that we'll lose out here is the thing about it.
What are we losing by not using this value that we have calculated?
Just think about this.
That if.
Yeah.
Just think about this, that if I'm placing a digital D, but it is already greater than in 8000.
Let me quickly give you an example.
It's a digital DS seven and the number is one, two, three, four, five, eight.
So the operation, so it's fine, I'm keeping one or the even positions now I can only keep one or 210.
I can only keep these three values right.
But as the problem suggests that you cannot keep 102, you can only keep seven because these equals
278.
Which seven is greater than two.
Will I be able to keep it?
No.
But let's see if instead of two the number was 18345, then I was, then I will be able to keep seven.
And the second play I will getting my point eight.
This is important.
And what digit is over here, right?
So in this case, this will be equal to it.
So if these less than equal to it, if B is less than or equal to L, it tells the number well we are
going to place, but we're not placing all the numbers.
We are placing only one digit because, you know, okay, so what we can do is we can simply say if
he is less than equals to ten, then only we will place.
Well.
So this is when we place DH.
And this is also very okay with this lost and equals reconstructed.
So if Daisy goes through that, that means again, we are on the last branch.
If it is not, then we are not on the last front.
I have.
This is clear.
Now let's do this for the art positions as well.
So for our positions too, we can keep all the digits except be late.
Four digits.
We'll start from zero.
It will go to Bill and then Bill if dessert.
Is equal to D.
Then I will simply continue because I don't want to keep it otherwise.
Simple index putting here would index plus when it.
Index plus one.
And last.
And if the digit is equal to if in the digital realm placing.
And finally.
Okay so I hope you don't get confused by I'm placing of I'm doing a continue over there because at all
positions.
Cannot.
Please be late.
And finally, what happened is the last thing is a digit more ready to let me pocket this?
Instead and instead of deed, we have digits.
But this is the arbitration case.
And finally, what I'll do is I'll let Andy answer.
Now only one thing remains.
That is a base case.
What is a base case here?
What basic do we need?
This case is very simple.
If.
It's a I'm going through the tree.
I've reached the end.
So if I to the Internet, what index I'm on.
Two indexes equals two and the size.
That means I want a base case like anything is nothing to do of life.
And the last thing is legitimate.
What is a valid number?
The value number is a number.
If it is a multiple of em, that means if it is divisible by am, I am what I can simply say.
I can simply say it is an individual by I am if digit mod is equal to zero because we are already taking
this digit mod and.
Will they?
So this will give me true or false, depending on whether it is a number, a good number or not.
And the second thing, the magic thing that we are handling, it's it's in the implementation, not
in the base case where our position we are not keeping be at an even position.
We are keeping the wherever it is possible.
Well, let me build this might be some errors.
No.
So we have got it.
Let me check the.
The.
Bugs.
Or works.
And this is the last one.
This six books, all this reworking, of course.
I'll check I with the code, but I hope you understood the problem.
It was a 2200 added problem.
It's just because the digital divide is not that common.
But as you have seen that it is very easy to cut.
Of course, there are some economic issues that we need to handle.
We need to keep these things in mind as well.
And.
But I understood that the GDP is not that tough like this.
You just need to do some work over here.
Need to define the state.
And move through the city.
Always remember whatever strategy of defining whatever variables you have begun here.
Let's see.
Okay.
One thing that is leftist memorization.
I will do that.
Don't worry.
Of course you can also try doing memorisation yourself.
Now, just just remember this.
If all the states are increasing, some memory limit actually means if these states are huge, then
always remember that there will be some trick involved which will reduce districts and you just have
to find out the trick like we did in the previous problem.
Let's let's do memorization quickly and more index.
So what is the length of the index?
We can see that index goes to later size, which is 2008.
It's 2000.
What is the second last to just do and what is digit more?
So digit more.
We are always taking it more by.
It will always be less than him.
And what is the land of him?
It is 2000.
So I think this is a doable.
Verse eight.
So let me set it.
Ma'am said.
And moon minus.
Of.
Let's stay with here.
Memo fix last.
It should not.
This is not equal to minus when you're done.
Okay.
And finally, we need to just memorize it.
Have this, folks.
So.
Thank you, everyone.
So in the next.